- 👋 Hi, I’m @BeeWeak
- 👀 I’m interested in ... Cyber security and software development
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ... Python and C#
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on ... Python automative tasks
- 📫 How to reach me ... https://www.linkedin.com/in/harry-watson-comp/

Ever since I was young, I have been intrigued by how computers work and what makes them tick after receiving my first computer. With an inquisitive mind, I began to question everyday things that most people take for granted, e.g., how pixels move across a screen. This interest led me to take apart many electronics to find out how they work, even if it meant breaking them in the process. As a result of this fascination, I chose Computer Science as one of my A-levels to which I learned a great deal about computer systems that run our world. During my A-levels, I took part in the government-funded scheme Cyber Discovery whereby my interest in computers flourished into an enthusiasm of security, but due to my A-level commitments, I could not find the time to finish the scheme. After completing my A-levels, I did not pursue cybersecurity at university level but instead decided to take my time to explore if this is a career path which I would be interested in, which led to me choosing to progress further through an HNC in Computing and subsequently the HND. Amid my A-levels, I developed a grade tracking system like SIMS and SISRO as my project using Python but with a much more focus on connecting the students and teachers within the process of tracking and forecasting a student's grades. My project led me into a wide range of subjects that I did not initially think were too relevant, e.g., ethics behind data usage and laws involved. Despite not finishing the project to my overall satisfaction, I learned precious lessons on how projects are developed and managed. My A-level subjects covered a wide range of topics, but the skills learned from these subjects are still useful within the field of cybersecurity. Applied science developed my ability to problem solve and analyse problems to find a solution, which is incredibly vital as it greatly improved my ability to solve solutions. Philosophy and ethics taught me skills that no other subject could, being able to think deeply, creatively, and independently, and most of the content had to be learned individually to understand the concepts. Therefore, it was required to learn how to study independently to succeed. I progressed this knowledge further through my HNC Computing finding specialist enjoyment out of the security module in which I learned a great deal on law and management e.g., ISO 27001. This was further developed through the HND in which I took part in the Cyber security module, tinkering around with Ubuntu and Kali exploring how to reverse shell and password crack FTP servers. Alongside my HND in computing, I am working towards getting security+ certified as it is an important pathway into the field of cyber security which will grant me a way into the field. In the past, I helped to raise money through organized charity football matches for SSAFA to support serving men and women within the armed forces to which it was entirely out of my comfort zone. I am eager to try new things that are needed for a course in cybersecurity due to the many different roles that are present within this field. Furthermore, from my work experience taking part in a local excavation dig in Widecombe, I learned how to participate in a work team environment. As an individual learner, I prefer to learn in group environments whereby ideas can be bounced around each other. In the future, I would like to participate in the growing industry of computing and enhance my skills further within the field. I think that my HND in computing has given me the necessary skills to progress further into the field itself. My further goals are to be involved within the field of security, to which your course will provide me with the fundamentals to pursue this career further. As things become more and more automated due to AI, it will be interesting to see the effect it will have on the enhancement of security
